As suzerain
You don't even know the strength gap between the two sides
Isn't this nonsense?
I've made up my mind.
Not to mention.
Pass on the Supreme Order
Everyone must stay in Tianzong from today
You can't go out.
Grand Elder
You see, this suzerain believes in the enemy
He actually let us stay in the sect and wait to die?
Is it nonsense for the sect master to hand it over to him?
It's over. It's over
Heaven and earth, I'm sorry for you, hey.
You let everyone stay in the sect and not go out
I'm afraid my subordinates will be too big
I admit you are a bit mysterious
But you don't know the background of Thunder Cloud Sect at all
This time, the leader was Lei Qin, the guardian of the Thunder Cloud Sect
They are real experts of Yuan Yingqi
No one in Tianzong is his opponent
If you forcibly confront him
It's like hitting a stone with an egg
Tianzong is the gate of Earth Tongzong
There is an inheritance of heaven and earth that suppresses nine heavens and ten lands
How can those Xiao Xiaoxiao be shaken?
That's true.
But Tianzong is long gone
What to fight with
Just wait and see.
As long as there is an original author
Don't say Yuanying chess
Even earth-level powerhouses come here
It can't shake the half of Tianzun
What a megalomaniac guy
Forget it, I'll save you this time.
If it weren't for the cliff hole you helped me with
For once
I don't care about you.
Today is your day of death.